lect-21: Topological Sort |DFS :
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/topological-sort/1?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=collab_striver_ytdescription&utm_campaign=topological-sort
lect-22: Kahn's Algorithm | Topological Sort |BFS: 
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/topological-sort/1?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=collab_striver_ytdescription&utm_campaign=topological-sort
lect-23: Detect cycle in a directed graph: 
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/detect-cycle-in-a-directed-graph/1?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=collab_striver_ytdescription&utm_campaign=detect-cycle-in-a-directed-graph
lect-24: Prerequisite Tasks: 
         https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/prerequisite-tasks/1?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=collab_striver_ytdescription&utm_campaign=prerequisite-tasks
         Course Schedule: 
         https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/course-schedule/1?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=collab_striver_ytdescription&utm_campaign=course-schedule
lect-25: Eventual Safe States:
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/eventual-safe-states/1?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=collab_striver_ytdescription&utm_campaign=eventual-safe-states
lect-26: Alien Dictionary
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/alien-dictionary/1?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=collab_striver_ytdescription&utm_campaign=alien-dictionary
lect_27: Shortest path in Directed Acyclic Graph
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/shortest-path-in-undirected-graph/1?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=collab_striver_ytdescription&utm_campaign=direct-acyclic-graph
lect_28: Shortest path in Undirected Graph having unit distance
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/shortest-path-in-undirected-graph-having-unit-distance/1?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=collab_striver_ytdescription&utm_campaign=shortest-path-in-undirected-graph-having-unit-distance
lect-29: Word Ladder I
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/word-ladder/1?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=collab_striver_ytdescription&utm_campaign=word-ladder
lect-37: Path With Minimum Effort
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/path-with-minimum-effort/1?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=collab_striver_ytdescription&utm_campaign=path-with-minimum-effort
lect-38: Cheapest Flights Within K Stops
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/cheapest-flights-within-k-stops/1?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=collab_striver_ytdescription&utm_campaign=cheapest-flights-within-k-stops
lect-39: Minimum Multiplications to Reach End
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/minimum-multiplications-to-reach-end/1?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=collab_striver_ytdescription&utm_campaign=minimum-multiplications-to-reach-end
lect-40: Number of Ways to Arrive at Destination
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/number-of-ways-to-arrive-at-destination/1?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=collab_striver_ytdescription&utm_campaign=/number-of-ways-to-arrive-at-destination
lect-41: Bellman Ford Algorithm
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/distance-from-the-source-bellman-ford-algorithm/1?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=collab_striver_ytdescription&utm_campaign=distance-from-the-source-bellman-ford-algorithm
lect-42: Floyd Warshall Algorithm
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/implementing-floyd-warshall2042/1?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=collab_striver_ytdescription&utm_campaign=implementing-floyd-warshall
lect-43: Find the City With the Smallest Number of Neighbours at a Threshold Distance
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/city-with-the-smallest-number-of-neighbors-at-a-threshold-distance/1?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=collab_striver_ytdescription&utm_campaign=city-with-the-smallest-number-of-neighbors-at-a-threshold-distance
lect-44: Minimum spanning tree-theory
lect-45: Prim's Algorithm - Minimum Spanning Tree
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/minimum-spanning-tree/1?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=collab_striver_ytdescription&utm_campaign=minimum-spanning-treem
lect-46: Disjoint Set | Union by Rank | Union by Size | Path Compression
https://ide.geeksforgeeks.org/392f3f85-cb79-4631-9da2-3dd78e775873
lect-47: Kruskal's Algorithm - Minimum Spanning Tree
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/minimum-spanning-tree/1?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=collab_striver_ytdescription&utm_campaign=minimum-spanning-tree
lect-48: Number of Provinces|Disjoint Set
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/number-of-provinces/1?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=collab_striver_ytdescription&utm_campaign=number-of-provinces
