//binary tree below

lect 1: Count Leaf Nodes
https://www.codingninjas.com/codestudio/problems/count-leaf-nodes_893055?source=youtube&campaign=LoveBabbar_Codestudio&utm_source=youtube&utm_medium
=affiliate&utm_campaign=LoveBabbar_Codestudio&leftPanelTab=0

lect 2: Height of Binary Tree
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/height-of-binary-tree/1
lect 2: Diameter of a Binary Tree
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/diameter-of-binary-tree/1
lect 2: Check for Balanced Tree
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/check-for-balanced-tree/1
lect 2: Determine if Two Trees are Identical
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/determine-if-two-trees-are-identical/1
lect 2: Sum Tree
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/sum-tree/1

lect 3: ZigZag Tree Traversal
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/zigzag-tree-traversal/1
lect 3: Boundary Traversal of binary tree
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/boundary-traversal-of-binary-tree/1
lect 3: Vertical Traversal of Binary Tree
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/print-a-binary-tree-in-vertical-order/1
lect 3: Top View of Binary Tree
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/top-view-of-binary-tree/1
lect 3: Bottom View of Binary Tree
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/bottom-view-of-binary-tree/1
lect 3: Right View of Binary Tree
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/right-view-of-binary-tree/1
lect 3: Left View of Binary Tree
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/left-view-of-binary-tree/1
lect 3: Diagonal Traversal of Binary Tree
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/diagonal-traversal-of-binary-tree/1

lect 4: Sum of the Longest Bloodline of a Tree (Sum of nodes on the longest path from root to leaf node)
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/sum-of-the-longest-bloodline-of-a-tree/1
lect 4: Lowest Common Ancestor in a Binary Tree
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/lowest-common-ancestor-in-a-binary-tree/1
lect 4: K Sum Paths
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/k-sum-paths/1
lect 4: Kth Ancestor in a Tree
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/kth-ancestor-in-a-tree/1
lect 4: Maximum sum of Non-adjacent nodes
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/maximum-sum-of-non-adjacent-nodes/1

lect 5: Construct Tree from Inorder & Preorder
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/construct-tree-1/1
lect 5: Tree from Postorder and Inorder
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/tree-from-postorder-and-inorder/1

lect 6: Minimum Time to BURN the Entire Binary Tree
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/burning-tree/1

lect 7: Inorder Tree Traversal without recursion and without stack! | Morris Traversal
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/inorder-tree-traversal-without-recursion-and-without-stack/
lect 7: Flatten binary tree to linked list
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/flatten-binary-tree-to-linked-list/1

//binary search tree below
lect 1: BST implementation source code is uploaded named as BSTimplementation.cpp
lect 1: Search In BST
https://www.codingninjas.com/codestudio/problems/search-in-bst_1402878
lect 1: Inorder Successor in BST
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/inorder-successor-in-bst/1?utm_source=gfg&utm_medium=article&utm_campaign=bottom_sticky_on_article
lect 1: Predecessor and Successor
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/predecessor-and-successor/1

lect 2: Validate BST
https://www.codingninjas.com/codestudio/problems/validate-bst_799483?leftPanelTab=0
lect 2: Kth Smallest/Largest in BST
https://www.codingninjas.com/codestudio/problems/find-k-th-smallest-element-in-bst_1069333?leftPanelTab=0
lect 2: Inorder Predecessor/Successor
https://www.codingninjas.com/codestudio/problems/_893049?topList=love-babbar-dsa-sheet-problems&leftPanelTab=0
lect 2: LCA of Two Nodes In A BST
https://www.codingninjas.com/codestudio/problems/lca-in-a-bst_981280?leftPanelTab=0

lect 3: Two Sum in BST
https://www.codingninjas.com/codestudio/problems/two-sum-in-a-bst_1062631?leftPanelTab=0
lect 3: Flatten BST To A Sorted List
https://www.codingninjas.com/codestudio/problems/flatten-bst-to-a-sorted-list_1169459?leftPanelTab=0
lect 3: 
